Support disabling account impersonation (#488)
0xSpaceShard/starknet-devnet-rs: website/docs/account-impersonation.md

:::

> User can disable account impersonation feature, by starting devnet with cli flag `disable-account-impersonation` or using environment variable `DISABLE_ACCOUNT_IMPERSONATION`. Every subsequent JSON-RPC request will return an error. This feature can be used in CTFs to stop participants from easily solving the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can disable account impersonation by starting Devnet with CLI flag `--disable-account-impersonation` or by setting environment variable `DISABLE_ACCOUNT_IMPERSONATION`. Every subsequent JSON-RPC impersonation request will return an error. This feature can be used in CTFs to prevent participants from easily solving the task.
```
